---
layout: post
author: Henry Jackson
---
Looking back on our Final Project for the Faulkner County Museum, I'm very proud of what we were able to accomplish. 
The Faulkner County Museum's mission and goal is "to educate the public regarding the natural and cultural prehistory and history of the geographic region which today is known as Faulkner County." Our website aims to help the museum in its pursuit of its goal, as it will allow the museum to display artwork that it doesn't have space to display in person. It should also attract visitors who have seen the website's digital gallery and wish to see the physical copies of some of their favorite works.
Working on this website allowed me to use some of my coding skills in a non-classroom setting. It was a unique experience that I hadn't had before; this website, rather than being just another grade, was something that I was making for a client to use to benefit them. That really stuck with me, and I'm glad we were able to give them a product they were happy with. I also was able to improve my skills with fixing and identifying bugs, which is vital to any and all coding work.
The museum's strong focus on educating the public on their county's history is an important mission that, before working on this project, I would not have thought much of. I understand history is important, but through our interactions with the museum's director, Lynita, I saw how much she truly cared about preserving and displaying each piece of art in her museum. I've never much cared for history course, but I could definitely tell how much her work in the museum has meant to her.
The Faulkner County Museum is by no means a pillar of social or cultural change. However, through our work with the museum, I came to appreciate just how much care and work is necessary to maintain a museum and to establish its cultural significance. I hope our website is able to draw more visitors to the museum who are able to see just how much work Lynita puts in.
I wouldn't necessarily say that this experience has changed any of my fundamental values or beliefs. However, I do have a newfound appreciation for the amount of work required to preserve the history of an area even as small as Faulkner County, as well as an understanding of why it is significant to do so. In the past, I haven't been the biggest fan of history, but I hope that, moving forward, I'll be able to apply this newfound appreciation to any history courses I take at Hendrix, much like the one I am enrolled in next semester.
Working with the museum hasn't exactly changed my ideas on which public issues I want to support, but creating a website has lead me to realize that I can use my coding skills to benefit people other than myself. I could create a website for any sort of organization who's cause I believe in that would look well done, and I would be able to hand over a product like that knowing it would be helpful to the organization I wish to support.
I am really grateful for my opportunity to work with my group and with the Faulkner County Museum